README.md, before:

# Spymemcached.jruby

A JRuby extension wraps the latest spymemcached client.
Fastest jruby memcached client, threadsafe.

## Usage

Start a local networked memcached server:

    $ memcached -p 11211

Require the library and instantiate a Spymemcached object at a global level:

    require 'spymemcached'
    $cache = Spymemcached.new("localhost:11211")

Setup multiple servers with options

    require 'spymemcached'
    $cache = Spymemcached.new(['memcached1.host:11211', 'memcached2.host:11211', 'memcached3.host:11211'],
                              {:namespace => 'appName', :timeout => 0.1, :binary => true})

Valid +options+ are:

    [:namespace]        Prepends this value to all keys added or retrieved.
    [:timeout]          Time to use as the socket read timeout, seconds.  Defaults to 0.5 sec.
    [:binary]           Talks binary protocol with Memcached server. Default to true.
    [:should_optimize]  If true, Spymemcached low-level optimization is in effect. Default to false.

### Rails 4

Use [spymemcached_store](https://github.com/ThoughtWorksStudios/spymemcached_store) gem to integrate ActiveSupport cache store and spymemcached.jruby gem.

### Rails 3

    require 'spymemcached'
    config.cache_store = :mem_cache_store, Spymemcached.new(servers, options).rails23

### Rails 2.x

    require 'spymemcached'
    ActionController::Base.cache_store = :mem_cache_store, Spymemcached.new(servers, options).rails23

## Default behaviors

Spymemcached.jruby applies:

* Ketama key hash algorithm (see Spymemcached document or [RJ's blog post](http://www.last.fm/user/RJ/journal/2007/04/10/392555/) for details)
* Gzip compressed when the cache data size is larger than 16kb.
* Binary protocol

Other default settings see Spymemcached DefaultConnectionFactory for details.

## Performance

[Benchmark result](https://github.com/ThoughtWorksStudios/memcached-client-benchmark) compared with gem dalli and jruby-memcached

## Further resources

* [Spymemcached](https://code.google.com/p/spymemcached/)
* [Spymemcached Optimizations](https://code.google.com/p/spymemcached/wiki/Optimizations)

Commit message:

[Built with :yellow_heart: and :coffee: in San Francisco]

README.md, after:

# Spymemcached.jruby

[Built with :yellow_heart: and :coffee: in San Francisco](http://getmingle.io)

A JRuby extension wraps the latest spymemcached client.
Fastest jruby memcached client, threadsafe.

## Usage

Start a local networked memcached server:

    $ memcached -p 11211

Require the library and instantiate a Spymemcached object at a global level:

    require 'spymemcached'
    $cache = Spymemcached.new("localhost:11211")

Setup multiple servers with options

    require 'spymemcached'
    $cache = Spymemcached.new(['memcached1.host:11211', 'memcached2.host:11211', 'memcached3.host:11211'],
                              {:namespace => 'appName', :timeout => 0.1, :binary => true})

Valid +options+ are:

    [:namespace]        Prepends this value to all keys added or retrieved.
    [:timeout]          Time to use as the socket read timeout, seconds.  Defaults to 0.5 sec.
    [:binary]           Talks binary protocol with Memcached server. Default to true.
    [:should_optimize]  If true, Spymemcached low-level optimization is in effect. Default to false.

### Rails 4

Use [spymemcached_store](https://github.com/ThoughtWorksStudios/spymemcached_store) gem to integrate ActiveSupport cache store and spymemcached.jruby gem.

### Rails 3

    require 'spymemcached'
    config.cache_store = :mem_cache_store, Spymemcached.new(servers, options).rails23

### Rails 2.x

    require 'spymemcached'
    ActionController::Base.cache_store = :mem_cache_store, Spymemcached.new(servers, options).rails23

## Default behaviors

Spymemcached.jruby applies:

* Ketama key hash algorithm (see Spymemcached document or [RJ's blog post](http://www.last.fm/user/RJ/journal/2007/04/10/392555/) for details)
* Gzip compressed when the cache data size is larger than 16kb.
* Binary protocol

Other default settings see Spymemcached DefaultConnectionFactory for details.

## Performance

[Benchmark result](https://github.com/ThoughtWorksStudios/memcached-client-benchmark) compared with gem dalli and jruby-memcached

## Further resources

* [Spymemcached](https://code.google.com/p/spymemcached/)
* [Spymemcached Optimizations](https://code.google.com/p/spymemcached/wiki/Optimizations)
